[16.0] [MIG] account_cash_invoice: Migration to 16.0 (#743)
OCA/account-payment: account_cash_invoice/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This modules allows to pay an existing Supplier Invoice / Customer Refund, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This modules allows to pay existing customer invoices/refunds or vendor bills/refunds, or
```

> This modules allows to pay existing customer invoices/refunds or vendor bills/refunds, or

Reviewer: s/This modules/This module

> to collect payment for an existing Customer Invoice from a Cash Statement.

Reviewer: Sorry, didn't read the rest of the description. I think this line can go out now.
